Continuation of the beautifaction process (#11392)
open-mpi/ompi: docs/man-openmpi/man3/MPI_Alloc_mem.3.rst

pointer to a pointer of arbitrary type (e.g., ``void **``).

Fortran NOTES
-------------

> The :ref:`MPI_Alloc_mem` calls requirse the use of the ``iso_c_binding`` module
> for due to the use of ``TYPE(C_PTR)``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :ref:`MPI_Alloc_mem` calls requires the use of the ``iso_c_binding`` module
due to the use of ``TYPE(C_PTR)``.
```

pointer to a pointer of arbitrary type (e.g., ``void **``).

FORTRAN NOTES
-------------

There is no portable FORTRAN 77 syntax for using :ref:`MPI_Alloc_mem`. There is
no portable Fortran syntax for using pointers returned from
:ref:`MPI_Alloc_mem`. However, :ref:`MPI_Alloc_mem` can be used with Sun Fortran
compilers.

From FORTRAN 77, you can use the following non-standard declarations for
the SIZE and BASEPTR arguments:

.. code-block:: fortran

              INCLUDE "mpif.h"
              INTEGER*MPI_ADDRESS_KIND SIZE, BASEPTR
	      

From either FORTRAN 77 or Fortran 90, you can use "Cray pointers" for
the BASEPTR argument. Cray pointers are described further in the Fortran
User's Guide and are supported by many Fortran compilers. For example,

.. code-block:: fortran

              INCLUDE "mpif.h"
              REAL*4 A(100,100)
              POINTER (BASEPTR, A)
              INTEGER*MPI_ADDRESS_KIND SIZE

              SIZE = 4 * 100 * 100
              CALL MPI_ALLOC_MEM(SIZE,MPI_INFO_NULL,BASEPTR,IERR)

              ! use A

>               CALL MPI_FREE_MEM(A, IERR)

Author: ```
INTEGER*MPI_ADDRESS_KIND SIZE
```
is sun fortran specific (I tested this with gfortran 11).
```fortran
program t

  integer, parameter :: N = 8
  integer*N :: m

  m = 1
  print *, m, N
    
end program t
```

Also, the `pointer` extension is not portable in the fortran standard, although many compilers support it. I think (perhaps more of personal opinion) that non-standard extensions should be left out of this documentation.

I will play a bit with this, but I *think* I can work-around this using `c_loc` and `c_f_pointer` (I'll play and amend this doc if it works.

>               CALL MPI_FREE_MEM(A, IERR)

Author: Well, actually this is exactly how the specs expect to use it. So I will more or less copy that.

pointer to a pointer of arbitrary type (e.g., ``void **``).

Fortran NOTES
-------------

The :ref:`MPI_Alloc_mem` calls requirse the use of the ``iso_c_binding`` module
for due to the use of ``TYPE(C_PTR)``.

.. code-block:: fortran

   use iso_c_binding

   type(c_ptr) :: alloc_ptr
   integer :: size, ierr
   double precision, pointer :: array(:,:)

   ! A 2D array of 100 elements
   size = 10 * 10
   call MPI_Alloc_Mem(size * 8, MPI_INFO_NULL, alloc_ptr, ierr)

   ! Point to the array
   call c_f_pointer(alloc_ptr, array, [10, 10])

   ! use array

> 

Reviewer: Did you mean to put some code here?  Or is this a "...code uses the array here..." kind of annotation?

Author: The latter, *now you can use the array*, but I can remove it :)

Reviewer: I don't know offhand what we do with other examples, but perhaps something like this would be appropriate:

``` fortran
    ! ... use the array ...
```

And don't have 2 blank lines after it (just 1 blank line).

Author: Agreed, the 2 lines is a preference of mine to highlight the discontinuation of the code block, I will amend.

Fortran NOTES
-------------

> The :ref:`MPI_Alloc_mem` calls requires the use of the ``iso_c_binding`` module

Reviewer: This should actually be `require`, not `requires`.

Sorry, my initial comment said "requires"; I fixed it a minute or two later.
